Update for launch week day 2 (#1166)
SigNoz/signoz.io: docs/userguide/metrics.md

    ![Error percentage](/img/docs/error-percentage-v0.10.2.png)
- **Key Operations**: this list helps you find the slow operations of your application. You can select a column heading to sort the list by the values in that column. Select the column heading again to reverse the sort order or to cancel sorting.
    ![Key operations](/img/docs/key-operations-v0.10.2.png)
- **Apdex**: [Apdex](https://www.apdex.org/) (Application Performance Index) is an open standard that defines a method to report, benchmark, and rate application response time. An Apdex score helps you understand and identify the impact on application performance over time.
The Apdex score indicates the end users' level of satisfaction from 0 (least satisfied) to 1 (most satisfied). Threshold is an aribtary value which is set to `0.5` by default and can be changed according to the requirements.
    ![Key operations](/img/docs/apdex-score.png)

>   You can change the Threshold value by going to Settings on top-right corner of your dashboard.

Author: ```suggestion
  You can change the Threshold value by going to Settings on the top-right corner of the `Services` tab.
```

Reviewer: @ankit01-oss I have updated the docs with the suggested changes. Please check.
